DCAT-2243: Add authentication info and update endpoints and headers (#222)
AdobeDocs/commerce-services: src/pages/composable-catalog/storefront-services/using-the-api.md

# Using the storefront API

> Use the Storefront API to retrieve product data from your Commerce catalogs and display it in Commerce frontend experiences . Data includes products, product attribute metadata, prices books, and prices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Storefront API to retrieve product data from your Commerce catalogs and display it in Commerce frontend experiences. Data includes products, product attribute metadata, prices books, and prices.
```

## Base URL

Send all Storefront API requests to this base URL:

```text

> https://na1-sandbox.api.commerce.adobe.com/<tenantId>/graphql

Reviewer 2: Here, you're using angle brackets instead of curly brackets.

```

The URL structure is:

```https://<region>-<environment>.api.commerce.adobe.com/<tenantId>```

- `region` is the cloud region where your instance is deployed.

> - `environment-type` identifies non-production environments, for example, `sandbox` or `staging`

Reviewer 3: It will be either `sandbox` or `none`, ie https://na1.api.commerce.adobe.com/<tenantId>/graphql

Author: ```suggestion
- `environment-type` is present only for non-production,`sandbox` environments.
```

> - `environment-type` identifies non-production environments, for example, `sandbox` or `staging`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `environment-type` identifies non-production environments, for example, `sandbox` or `staging`.
```

- `tenantId` is the unique identifier for your organization's specific instance within the Adobe Experience Cloud.

&NewLine; <!--Add space between the collapsible section and the previous paragraph-->

<details>
      <summary><b>Get your tenant Id</b></summary>

import GetTenantId from '/src/_includes/ccdm/get-tenant-id.md'

<GetTenantId />

</details>

## Authentication

Authentication is not required for the Storefront API.

## Headers

When making requests to the storefront API, you must include specific HTTP headers to ensure proper authentication and data retrieval. These headers provide necessary information, such as the channel ID, locale, and optional policy and price book headers that tailor the API response to your needs.

Include the following headers in GraphQL requests as needed.

| Header name| Description
| --- | ---

> |`AC-Channel-ID` | Required. The id for the channel that products will be sold through. For example, in the automotive industry, the channel could be dealers. In the manufacturing industry, the channel could be a manufacturing location for suppliers. Use the [channels query](https://developer-stage.adobe.com/commerce/services/graphql-api/admin-api/index.html#query-channels) to retrieve the list of available channels with the channel id.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`AC-Channel-ID` | Required. The ID for the channel that products will be sold through. For example, in the automotive industry, the channel could be dealers. In the manufacturing industry, the channel could be a manufacturing location for suppliers. Use the [channels query](https://developer-stage.adobe.com/commerce/services/graphql-api/admin-api/index.html#query-channels) to retrieve the list of available channels with the channel id.
```

> |`AC-Environment-ID` | Required. The tenant Id is the unique identifier for your organization's specific instance within the Adobe Experience Cloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`AC-Environment-ID` | Required. The tenant ID is the unique identifier for your organization's specific instance within the Adobe Experience Cloud.
```

> |`AC-Channel-ID` | Required. The id for the channel that products will be sold through. For example, in the automotive industry, the channel could be dealers. In the manufacturing industry, the channel could be a manufacturing location for suppliers. Use the [channels query](https://developer-stage.adobe.com/commerce/services/graphql-api/admin-api/index.html#query-channels) to retrieve the list of available channels with the channel id.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`AC-Channel-ID` | Required. The ID for the channel that products will be sold through. For example, in the automotive industry, the channel could be dealers. In the manufacturing industry, the channel could be a manufacturing location for suppliers. Use the [channels query](https://developer-stage.adobe.com/commerce/services/graphql-api/admin-api/index.html#query-channels) to retrieve the list of available channels with the channel id.|
```

> |`AC-Channel-ID` | Required. The id for the channel that products will be sold through. For example, in the automotive industry, the channel could be dealers. In the manufacturing industry, the channel could be a manufacturing location for suppliers. Use the [channels query](https://developer-stage.adobe.com/commerce/services/graphql-api/admin-api/index.html#query-channels) to retrieve the list of available channels with the channel id.
> |`AC-Environment-ID` | Required. The tenant Id is the unique identifier for your organization's specific instance within the Adobe Experience Cloud.
> |`AC-Channel-ID` | Required. The id for the channel that products will be sold through. For example, in the automotive industry, the channel could be dealers. In the manufacturing industry, the channel could be a manufacturing location for suppliers. Use the [channels query](https://developer-stage.adobe.com/commerce/services/graphql-api/admin-api/index.html#query-channels) to retrieve the list of available channels with the channel id.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`AC-Channel-ID` | Required. The ID for the channel that products will be sold through. For example, in the automotive industry, the channel could be dealers. In the manufacturing industry, the channel could be a manufacturing location for suppliers. Use the [channels query](https://developer-stage.adobe.com/commerce/services/graphql-api/admin-api/index.html#query-channels) to retrieve the list of available channels with the channel ID.
|`AC-Environment-ID` | Required. The tenant ID is the unique identifier for your organization's specific instance within the Adobe Experience Cloud.
|`AC-Channel-ID` | Required. The ID for the channel that products will be sold through. For example, in the automotive industry, the channel could be dealers. In the manufacturing industry, the channel could be a manufacturing location for suppliers. Use the [channels query](https://developer-stage.adobe.com/commerce/services/graphql-api/admin-api/index.html#query-channels) to retrieve the list of available channels with the channel ID.|
```

--header 'AC-Channel-ID:  <channelId>'  \
--header 'AC-Policy-<POLICY_NAME>: <policyValue>' \
--header 'AC-Price-Book-ID-<pricebookId>' \
--header 'AC-Scope-Locale: <localeValue>' \
--data '<apiPayload>'
```

| Placeholder name | Description                                                                                                     |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `channelID`   | The ID for the channel products will be sold through. Use the <a href="https://developer-stage.adobe.com/commerce/services/graphql-api/admin-api/index.html#query-channels">channels query</a> to retrieve available IDs.|
| `tenantId` | is the unique identifier for your organization's specific instance within the Adobe Experience Cloud.|
| `policyName: policyValue` | When used, the policy trigger name and value that sets data access filters to restrict product access based on request attributes. Use the <a href="https://developer-stage.adobe.com/commerce/services/graphql-api/admin-api/index.html#query-policies">policies query</a> to retrieve available policies.                    |

> | `pricebookID`  | When used, the price book ID used to retrieve the pricing schedule for a SKU. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `pricebookID`  | Optional. The price book ID used to retrieve the pricing schedule for a SKU. |
```

> | `pricebookID`  | When used, the price book ID used to retrieve the pricing schedule for a SKU. |

Reviewer: Small point, but I would probably use something like `(optional)` instead of "When used,".

Header name| Description
--- | ---

> `AC-Channel-ID` | Required. The id for the channel that products will be sold through. For example, in the automotive industry, the channel could be dealers. In the manufacturing industry, the channel could be a manufacturing location for suppliers. Use the [channels query](https://developer-stage.adobe.com/commerce/services/graphql-api/admin-api/index.html#query-channels) to retrieve the list of available channels with the channel id.

Author: ```suggestion
`AC-Channel-ID` | Required. The id for the channel that products will be sold through. For example, in the automotive industry, the channel could be dealers. In the manufacturing industry, the channel could be a manufacturing location for suppliers. Use the [channels query](https://developer-stage.adobe.com/commerce/services/graphql-api/admin-api/index.html#query-channels) to retrieve the list of available channels with the channel id.
`AC-Environment-ID`| Required. Specify the tenantId for the commerce instance.
```
